added a small clarification to the docs (#198)
EMMC-ASBL/oteapi-core: README.md

It uses the [strategy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strategy_pattern) software design pattern to implement a simple and easy to extend access to a large range of data resources.
Semantic interoperability is supported via mapping of data models describing the data to ontologies.

> A set of strategy interfaces that can be considered abstract classes for the implementation of strategies,  and data models used in their configuration, are provided.

Reviewer: I am not sure this is so elightening. oteapi-core is actually not using abstract base classes, but rather protocol classes.

> A set of strategy interfaces that can be considered abstract classes for the implementation of strategies,  and data models used in their configuration, are provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A set of strategy interfaces that can be considered abstract classes for the implementation of strategies, and data models used in their configuration, are provided.
```

> We provide a set of abstract interfaces for strategies and data models used in their configuration.
> This repo also contains implementations for several standard strategies, e.g., downloading files, parsing Excel documents.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A set of strategy interfaces that can be considered abstract classes for the implementation of strategies,  and data models used in their configuration, are provided.
This repo also contains implementations for several standard strategies, e.g., downloading files, parsing Excel documents.
```
